update readme (#7)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF-CRUD-for-Non-Persistent-Objects-Stored-Remotely: readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T884361)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
<!-- default file list -->

# XAF - How to Implement CRUD Operations for Non-Persistent Objects Stored Remotely

> This example demonstrates an implementation of editable non-persistent objects that represent data stored remotely and separately from the main XAF application database. You can create, modify, and delete these non-persistent objects. The changes are persisted in the external storage. The built-in `IsNewObject` function is used in the Appearance rule criterion. This rule disables the key property editor after an `Account` object is saved.

Reviewer: I think you need to introduce some context before you reference objects like `Account`. 

This is the very first paragraph and I have to idea what objects are available there and why a key property editor in the Account object should or should not be available. So maybe after the first three sentences, you can start and new paragraph and talk a little about all the objects and their interactions. Then you can proceed to these specific details - like the `IsNewObject` function and `Account` object editors.

## Implementation Details

This example uses [NonPersistentObjectSpace](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace) members.

> Non-persistent objects are kept in an object map. In the [ObjectsGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectsGetting), [ObjectGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectGetting), and [ObjectByKeyGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectByKeyGetting) event handlers, XAF looks up non-persistent objects and adds them to the object map. In the [Reloaded](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.BaseObjectSpace.Reloaded) event handler, XAF clears the object map. Subsequent object queries trigger the creation of new non-persistent object instances. In the [ObjectReloading](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectReloading) event handler, XAF reloads the state of an existing object from the storage. 

Reviewer: Maybe introduce a list for these events? Most sentences start similarly with "In the ... event handler". To me, that's a sign that a list may help.

Reviewer 2: Done.

In the [CustomCommitChanges](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.BaseObjectSpace.CustomCommitChanges?v=20.1) event handler, XAF processes all object changes and passes them to the storage.

> The [NonPersistentObjectSpace/.AutoSetModifiedOnObjectChange](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.AutoSetModifiedOnObjectChange) property is set to `true` to automatically mark non-persistent objects as modified when XAF raises the `INotifyPropertyChanged.PropertyChanged` event.

Reviewer: Not sure if that was intentional... But seems like that slash character is unnecessary. 

```suggestion
The [NonPersistentObjectSpace.AutoSetModifiedOnObjectChange](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.AutoSetModifiedOnObjectChange) property is set to `true` to automatically mark non-persistent objects as modified when XAF raises the `INotifyPropertyChanged.PropertyChanged` event.
```

> We use `List<T>` as storage for non-persistent object data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`List<T>` objects store non-persistent data.
```

### Common Components

The following classes are used to provide a common functionality for all non-persistent objects used in the demo.

- `NonPersistentObjectBase`  

>   The abstract base class for all non-persistent objects used in the application. It provides a common implementation of the `INotifyPropertyChanged` and `IObjectSpaceLink` interfaces and some convenient protected methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The abstract base class for all non-persistent objects used in the application. It implements `INotifyPropertyChanged` and `IObjectSpaceLink` interfaces, and a few helpful protected methods.
```

  
- `TransientNonPersistentObjectAdapter`  

>   The adapter for transient (short-living) non-persistent business objects. Such objects exist only while their object space is alive. A new adapter instance is created for each non-persistent object space. It subscribes to object space events to manage a subset of object types in a common manner. It also maintains an identity map (`ObjectMap`) for `NonPersistentObjectSpace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The adapter for transient (short-living) non-persistent business objects. Such objects exist only during the lifespan of their object space. A new adapter instance is created for each non-persistent object space. It subscribes to object space events to manage a subset of object types in a common manner. It also maintains an identity map (`ObjectMap`) for `NonPersistentObjectSpace`.
```

  
- `NonPersistentStorageBase`  

>   Descendants of this class know how to create object instances and transfer data between objects and the storage. It knows nothing about the adapter. It also uses the identity map to avoid creating duplicated objects.

Reviewer: The first sentence starts with "descendants". So I think the second should start with "they". 

```suggestion
  Descendants of this class know how to create object instances and transfer data between objects and the storage. They know nothing about the adapter. They also use the identity map to avoid creating duplicated objects.
```

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
<!-- default file list -->

# XAF - How to Implement CRUD Operations for Non-Persistent Objects Stored Remotely

This example demonstrates an implementation of editable non-persistent objects that represent data stored remotely and separately from the main XAF application database. You can create, modify, and delete these non-persistent objects. The changes are persisted in the external storage. The built-in [`IsNewObject`](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.IsNewObject(System.Object)) function is used in the Appearance rule criterion that disables the key property editor after a non-persistent object is saved.

## Implementation Details

This example uses [NonPersistentObjectSpace](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace) members.

> Non-persistent objects are kept in an object map. XAF uses event handlers to manage the objects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Non-persistent objects are kept in an object map. XAF uses event handlers to manage these objects.
```

1. To look up non-persistent objects and add them to the object map:
    * [ObjectsGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectsGetting)
    * [ObjectGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectGetting)
    * [ObjectByKeyGetting](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectByKeyGetting)

2. To clear the object map:
   * [Reloaded](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.BaseObjectSpace.Reloaded)

     Subsequent object queries trigger the creation of new non-persistent object instances.

> 3. To reload the state of an existing object from the storage:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. To reload the state of an existing object from storage:
```

   * [ObjectReloading](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.NonPersistentObjectSpace.ObjectReloading)

> 4. To process all object changes and pass them to the storage:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. To process all object changes and pass them to storage:
```
